You start with a standard so you can compare your standard data to your data when you change a variable. You can compare standard data to data when you change the variables so you start the standard.
Because you can see them better and you can mark down the spot your shadow was at. You can mark the spot where your shadows were, so you can see them better.
Scratch the 2 together. Scratch 2 together.
They are a soft substance that disintegrates when it mixes with water. They are soft substances that disintegrate with water.
The salt got dissolved in the water. Salt dissolved in water.
Yes it is. Yes.
0 You start with a standard so you can compare your standard data to your data when you change a variable.
1 You can compare standard data to data when you change the variables so you start the standard.
2 Because you can see them better and you can mark down the spot your shadow was at.
3 You can mark the spot where your shadows were, so you can see them better.
4 Scratch the 2 together.
5 Scratch 2 together.
6 They are a soft substance that disintegrates when it mixes with water.
7 They are soft substances that disintegrate with water.
8 The salt got dissolved in the water.
9 Salt dissolved in water.
10 Yes it is.
11 Yes.
12 It is evidence because it made gas and fizzing occurs only when one material does not like the other one.
13 Gas and fizz is the evidence that one material only occurs when others don't like.
14 You see how it mixes together and sometimes there are bubbles or wet.
15 You will see how to mix together and sometimes wet or wet.
16 He would look up that type of crystal in a book and find out what type it is.
17 He examines that type of crystal in a book and finds out what type it is.
18 The one that does not have a scratch.
19 Those without wounds.
20 It is so big it has a lot of room to vibrate.
21 It's so big that there are plenty of room to vibrate.
22 Food supply.
23 Food supply.
24 How they stood in the line, and how far they are.
25 How they stood on the line.
26 A controlled experiment is an experiment where only one variable is changed.
27 Controlled experimentation is an experiment in which only one variable changes.
28 The reason why is because the brass ring is a temporary magnet.
29 The reason is because the brass ring is a temporary magnet.
30 The solid was too big to go through the filter paper.
31 The solid was too large to pass through the filter paper.
32 Because they are both covered.
33 Because both are covered.
34 One of them is they did not have the same kind of ball. 2 is they took different amounts of steps to the line.
35 None of them had the same kind of ball. 2 they took different amounts of steps to the line.
36 Because it was letting out gas.
37 Because I was spitting gas.
38 So she could compare the results and see if they are the same.
39 So she could compare the results and see if they were the same.
40 30 meters, I measured with my fingers that C was half of B, and since B is 20 and half of that is 10 I added both of them together and got 30 meters.
41 30 meters, I measured C by half with my fingers and B is 20, half of it is 10, I added it together and got 30 meters.
42 By connecting 2 wires together.
43 By connecting two wires together.
44 The light will come on.
45 The light comes on.
46 No because she can only turn the switch to the light bulb or the motor.
47 No, she can turn on the light bulb or switch to the motor.
48 Sammy - One is made out of wood and the different material.
49 Sammy one is made of wood and different materials.
50 I do agree with her because if a sound is made it vibrates and vibration is back and forth movement and without vibration you can not make a sound.
51 I agree with her because the sound vibrates and the vibration moves back and forth and cannot make a sound without vibration.
52 A heat sink is something that absorbs heat and gives it off slowly.
53 The heat sink is something that absorbs heat and gives it slowly.
54 I pick B because I think it is ok alright.
55 I think it's okay.
56 A. Julie's temperature went higher than David because she has more square units of solar collectors.
57 Julie's temperature has been higher than David because she has a more square unit of solar collectors.
58 Because the earth rotates which causes the shadow to move but the sun stays where it is at.
59 Because the earth rotates, the shadow moves, but the sun stays where it is.
60 No, Fruity Cream cookies are not pure sugar because pure sugar is about 200 and Fruity Cream cookies are at least 150 milliliters.
61 No fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar because pure sugar is about 200 and fruity cream cookies are at least 150 militers.
62 To see how much sugar it really has.
63 See it really sugar.
64 To get people's attention.
65 To get people's attention.
66 It grows first to get food and nutrients.
67 Grow first to get food and nutrients.
68 Wendy should connect the long wire to the battery next.
69 Wendy connects the long wire to the next battery.
70 The covered one get hotter than the uncovered ones.
71 Gets covered more hot than found.
72 Because the eggshells bubbled then dissolved.
73 Eggshell foamed.
74 If how much carbon dioxide there is in the volume tube.
75 If the amount of carbon dioxide is in the volume tube.
76 Another function is to protect the abdomen.
77 Another function is to protect the abdomen.
78 The battery does not have enough power or the power is not getting to the bulb.
79 Batteries do not have enough power or power is not reaching the sphere.
80 The marbles have different mass.
81 Marble mass is different.
82 Whichever one got scratched.
83 Either caught it.
84 Overly Orange because orange does contain more color.
85 Orange orange so it contains more color.
86 Only one circuit below will light the bulb. Which one will work? Why is that the only circuit that will work?
87 Only one circuit below lights the light bulb. Which is the only circuit that works?
88 We use a standard unit so we do not get the measurement worth.
89 We use standard units so we do not get measurements.
90 It gather up food for the seed.
91 It collects food for the seed.
92 Because one D-cell has to be between the motors.
93 Because two D cells must be between the motors.
94 Sammy - Because with this method you can get used to sounds.
95 Sammy - this method can be used for sound.
96 X, because cup x weighs more than cup y.
97 X because x is heavier than cup y.
98 The littler string is louder then the big string.
99 Littler strings are then large strings.
100 Only one variable is changed at a time.
101 Only one variable is changed at once.
102 That there is average time and a lot of speed of light.
103 Average time and light speed.
104 Because it has more spoons of solute but it has the same amount of water.
105 It has a melted spoon, but it has the same amount of water.
106 The electricity will still flow through the wires to get to the other lights.
107 Electricity still flows wire to get other lights.
108 A heat sink is a material that heats up slowly and cools down slowly.
109 The heat sink is a slow heating material.
110 C. Because it has more black circles.
111 Because there are more black circles.
112 The tree shown in the picture has a shadow because tree blocked the light of the sun.
113 Since trees blocked the light of the sun, trees in the picture have shadows.
114 He can use the circuit by seeing if the object does anything if it works it is a conductor if it does not then it is an insulator.
115 If it is not an insulator, the circuit can be used by looking at whether the object does something if it works.
116 Because it started to bubble and have a gas.
117 Because it became a bubble and had gas.
118 Because the contour lines are closer than the others.
119 Because the outline is nearer than the other.
120 I think the nail will stick because the ring is made out of metal.
121 I think the nail will stick because the ring is made of metal.
122 Because the more water going at a faster pace because of the slopes will cause more erosion because gravity will help slope.
123 Because gravity helps slope, more water causes higher erosion as it goes faster at the slope.
124 Because I think it is a series and series have to share and takes more power to form it.
125 I think it's a series, so the series must have more power to share and form it.
126 You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.
127 We don't know the strength of the magnet, so you can't say. If the magnet is weak, the second portion foam may put too far distance between the two magnets for interaction to hold the magnet in place. Magnets may stay in place if the magnet is strong.
128 Because the solid did not dissolve.
129 Because the solid did not dissolve.
130 Sammy's - Sammy's, they are made out of different things.
131 Sammy - Sammy, they are made from another.
132 The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.
133 Harder minerals leave scratches on harder minerals. Brown minerals have scratches if black minerals are harder.
134 Because the sound has more room to vibrate.
135 Because there is more room to sound.
136 Because the picture matches.
137 Because the photograph fits.
138 Because the D-cell is not in the middle.
139 Because the D cell is not in the center.
140 He should put it in a vial with vinegar and then drop only the vinegar on later and when it is done there should be white crystals.
141 He put it in the vial with vinegar and then dropped only vinegar later, and should be white crystals there.
142 A. Dry soil heats more quickly and cools off more quickly than water. The graph shows A heats and cools more quickly than B, so A must be the dry soil.
143 Dry soil heat faster and cooler faster than water. The graph shows the heat and cooling faster than B because it should be faster dry soil.
144 Because the D-cell is in the middle.
145 Because D cell is middle.
146 Use all of the same balls.
147 Use all the same balls.
148 Because the motor got all the power.
149 Because the motor got all the power.
150 A solution is a type of mixture. What makes it different from other mixtures?
151 The solution is a kind of mixture. What is different from other mixtures?
152 The farther away from the fulcrum less effort is needed.
153 Efforts far from the fulcrum are necessary.
154 Because heat is absorbed by dark colors.
155 Because the heat is absorbed in dark color.
156 Make a line that is very straight. All use same ball. All stand at line. Throw at same time. Record data.
157 Make a very straight line. Use all the same balls. Every line stands. Throw at the same time. Record data.
158 A storage.
159 Storage device
160 So it can search for food.
161 So it can search for food.
162 I know that north is forward and west is your left.
163 I know that the north is front and West is your left.
164 Bee's groups maybe had bigger marbles then the other group.
165 The group of bees probably had larger marble and then other groups.
166 The chemical reaction indicates sugar.
167 Chemical reaction shows sugar.
168 You use a standard is to know what you will do and how it will happen.
169 If you use the standard, you know what you do or what it will be.
170 Because it goes up.
171 Because it rises.
172 Compared to a single fixed pulley system, you would not have a directional advantage.
173 There are no directional advantages compared to two fixed pulley systems.
174 Is just tiny and big because of crystals.
175 Just because of the crystal is small and big.
176 Pam's friend recommended to use a topographic map for the hike because in a topographic map you can see the profile of something which profile is a side view.
177 Pam's friends are recommended to use topographic maps for hiking because topographic maps can view profiles of something that is a profile map.
178 Single fixed only has one rope connected to the load.
179 Single fixing only one rope connected to the load.
180 It will flow fast and crazy, but with a normal one it floods slow and calm.
181 It flows fast and crazy, but it usually takes gently and gently to flood.
182 I think jam is mixture.
183 I think jam is mixed.
184 Because they are different things. Nitrate is different then chloride so they cannot be the same weight. Just like a monkey and a elephant.
185 Because they are different. Nitric acid can then be the same weight because the chloride is different. Like a monkey and an elephant.
186 The pitch would be higher because the vibrations do not travel as long.
187 The vibration will not vibrate for a long time, so the pitch will be higher.
188 Because you look at the finger patterns.
189 Because you see your finger pattern.
190 The harder mineral will scratch the color off of the softer one.
191 Softer mineral overturns the color of softer.
192 Steep slopes can have landslides, faster water can gush. To be a flood plus massively erode.
193 Landslides occur on steep slopes and water becomes faster. Water inundated and eroded.
194 I think because it vibrating.
195 Because it vibrates.
196 He can use it by putting it to an object and see if the meter will run.
197 He can put it into the object and see if the meter is run.
198 The magnets do not touch because if you flip the magnet to the other side it will not stick because it makes them different.
199 If the magnet overturns the magnet on the opposite side, it does not fit because they make it different.
200 Well she could try the light would not work as strong as the motor.
201 Well she could try that light doesn't work as strong as a motor.
202 Yes they can do it different but be the same way.
203 Yes, they are the same way you can do it differently.
204 I agree with her because when you talk, your vocal cords moves and when you hear a sound, the things that made that sound must move and vibrate.
205 When you talk, your voice's code moves and what you have to move that sound when you hear the sound must move.
206 Overly Orange contains a higher concentration of vitamin C. The evidence is because if the juice becomes clear with less drops of vitamin C, it means that the vitamin C is strong in that juice.
207 Excess oranges contain higher levels of vitamin C.
208 The magnet will stick.
209 The magnet hardens.
210 Out of it.
211 And then.
212 They both relate because one equals the other for a answer.
213 They relate because the person equals the other for the answer.
214 Elena should put leaves, logs, and tree branches in the habitat.
215 Elena has to put leaves, logs, tree branches to habitats.
216 Put the water in the vial and put the calcite in, if the water starts getting murky and bubbles float to the top there is calcite.
217 Put the water into the vial, put the cite, and the water becomes cloudy and bubbles float.
218 The light can stick to the magnet because it is a magnet.
219 Because the magnet is magnet, light can stick to the magnet.
220 Always use grams to know who much it weighs.
221 Always use the gram it will know who weigh.
222 Because it is too thick to slide down the filter.
223 Because it is too thick to slide the filter.
224 It has to suck up all the water so that it can grow.
225 All water must be sucked so that it can grow.
226 I pick gravity because gravity is like process.
227 I choose gravity because gravity is like a process.
228 Yes because Janet used silver chloride and Mike used silver nitrate which means if they used 2 different things they both could be right.
229 Because Janet used silver chloride, Mike used silver nitrate, so they could both be correct if they used two different things.
230 Power goes to the motor then to the light.
231 Power then goes to the motor.
232 20 centimeters size is between 10 and 30 centimeters, so the temperature change must be less than the 30 centimeters container, but more than the 10 centimeters container. 6 degrees Celsius is halfway between.
233 Since the size of 20 centimeters is 10 to 30 centimeters, the temperature must be smaller than the container of 30 centimeters and is larger than 10 centimeters. Six degrees centigrade is intermediate.
234 2. Then trace the model. 4. You draw the map like the overlay grid.
235 Next, trace the model. 4. You draw a map like an overlay grid.
236 If mixture 3 is dissolved, and mixture one is not dissolved. Mixture 2 will not be dissolved because it is less concentrated than mixture 3.
237 The mixture 3 dissolves and the mixture does not dissolve. The mixture 2 is not concentrated since the mixture 3 is not concentrated.
238 The river gets the water from the mountain and takes it to happy valley.
239 The river gets water from the mountain and takes it to a happy valley.
240 Smaller string has high pitch and bigger string has lower pitch.
241 The smaller string has a high pitch and the larger string has a lower pitch.
242 The pitch would be lower because it has less room to vibrate.
243 The pitch will be lower because there is less room to vibrate.
244 The graph shows you it keep going up until 4. At 4 probably makes the plant weak and then it keeps going down.
245 The graph shows it will keep up to four. At 4 o'clock the plant becomes weak, so it falls.
246 If it sticks then it is a magnet if it does not then it is not.
247 If it sticks, it is a magnet if it is not.
248 Yes. The black box will heat up faster than the white because the black box is darker than the white box so the white box reflects the heat and the black box collects the heat.
249 Yes. Black box gets faster than white because white box is darker than white box. So the white box reflects the heat and the black box collects heat.
250 I chose no because there has to be another wire connecting the 2 or you can use a switch.
251 I chose no so because there should be another wire connecting 2 or you can use the switch.
252 He does not have an idea that island make a salt outline.
253 He doesn't have the idea that the island makes a contour of salt.
254 It is not the shape that makes the difference, it is the area.
255 It is not a form of making difference, it is a region.
256 The motor will go on.
257 Motor works.
258 A river rock earth motional with it and deposits it at the mouth. There is forming a delta.
259 River rock earth movement with it and it holds it in the mouth. Form a delta.
260 C because it is on the square part and on the round ball.
261 C because it is on the square piece and round ball.
262 As time goes on the of number of tree rings go up.
263 As time goes on above the number of wooden rings.
264 How the crystals were shaped and how they looked.
265 How crystal shapes and how it looked.
266 The shadows are true the day because get night dark.
267 Shadows are true because shadows get night.
268 Yes even though it is not a complete circuit.
269 Even if it's not a perfect circuit.
270 When one seems to disappear because it has dissolved, and you can see through it.
271 Because it melted, it seems to disappear and can be seen through it.
272 It is not connected properly because the wires are not connected properly on the motor.
273 It is not properly connected because the wires are not properly connected to the motor.
274 It might stick because the magnets are strong or it might not because the foam could be too thick.
275 Because the magnet is strong, it may stick or may be too thick.
276 When the water splashed vibration caused it and that is what cause the sound too.
277 When water causes vibration, it is cause to cause sound.
278 It will change by the pitch will be soft.
279 Soften with pitch.
280 No because it has 2 different chemicals and it does not have the same solubilities.
281 It has two different chemicals, so it does not have the same solubility.
282 The long string is going to be lower, the shorter string is going to be higher.
283 Long strings become lower and shorter strings are higher.
284 Distance.
285 Distance.
286 She can put them on a different piece of paper. The one that has the most biggest spot is the one that has more fat in it.
287 She can put them on different paper. What has the largest place is what it has more fat.
288 Nathaniel - Because it is wood.
289 Nathaniel - because it is a tree.
290 The reaction indicates that it has carbon dioxide.
291 The reaction shows carbon dioxide.
292 If you discover if the dogs have the something is a loop arch or a whorl for the dog.
293 If you discover something dog is a loop or loop for dogs.
294 The more blocks the less it goes.
295 Fewer blocks.
296 Yes. Because black heats up faster and white reflects.
297 Yes. Because the black is faster and the white shivers.
298 Because there were gas bubbles.
299 Because there was a bubble.
300 We put the water and salt in the Petri dish. The water evaporated and the salt became crystals.
301 Put water and salt into Petri dish. Water evaporated and salt became a crystal.
302 Topaz would be hardest because none of the tools could scratch it and at least one tool could scratch X Y Z.
303 Topaz would be the hardest because none of the tools could overturn it, and at least one tool could scratch X Y Z.
304 The wire cannot make the motor run.
305 Wires can't run the motor.
306 Because maybe the hand of Greta is too small. And Andre's hand is bigger.
307 Maybe because Gretta's hands are too small. Andre's hand is big.
308 As time goes on the number of tree rings are increasing as it goes.
309 As it goes, the time is increased to become the number of rings in the tree.
310 The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.
311 The salt crystal is square with XS at the top.
312 Sammy's - Because Sammy's idea uses different materials with different sounds. But Nathaniel uses the same materials with the same sounds.
313 Sammy's idea is because Sammy's ideas use different materials with different sounds. But Nathaniel uses the same material with the same sound.
314 X. When equal amounts of 2 solutions are compared, the solution that is more concentrated will have the greater mass (weigh more). 50 milliliters of X has a greater mass than 50 milliliters of Y, so X must be more concentrated.
315 A more concentrated solution has a larger mass, weight, when the equivalent amount of two solutions in X is compared. X must be more concentrated because x 50 milliliters have a mass larger than y 50 militers.
316 The string was higher pitch because it had more tension.
317 The pitch was higher because the strings were more tense.
318 Where they threw it from.
319 Where they threw from there.
320 0 Marbles, amount boat sank.
321 0 marbles, amount boat sinking.
322 You use a standard because that what you know before the experiment and the standard helps you a lot during the experiment.
323 Use the standard so you can do many things during the experiment that you know before experimentation and standards.
324 It is deposited there because it is lighter than sand and pebbles.
325 Since it is lighter than sand or pebbles, it is deposited there.
326 That will happen because it will make a complete circuit with the motor.
327 It makes the perfect circuit in the motor, so it happens.
328 No because it need to be made of metal to conduct electricity.
329 Because it is not necessary to be made of metal to conduct electricity.
330 Because they have squares inside of it, they have lines going to the outside of it, and it has sides on the outside.
331 They have a line going outside of it so they have a square inside it, and it has sides outside.
332 Because it tastes like salt.
333 Because I like salt.
334 Because the blue uncovered and the red covered is like the same like the blue uncovered.
335 Because it is covered with blue and red, the thing like the blue cover is the same.
336 He did that because the magnet has a lot of power so it picked up on paperclip then that paperclip is a temporary magnet and passes the power.
337 He did it because the magnet had a lot of power. And it picked up on a paper clip and the paper clip passes through the power with a temporary magnet.
338 It would not work. It would have to be a wire to be able to work because it is not metal.
339 It won't work. Must be wire that can work because it is not metal.
340 I chose it because the mass pieces are 30 grams. So I did the highest number.
341 I chose it. Because the mass is 30 grams. So I did the highest number.
342 The more sugar the more carbon dioxide and the more carbon dioxide the bigger the volume.
343 More carbon dioxide and more carbon dioxide and carbon dioxide.
344 It is something like dry soil.
345 It's like dry soil.
346 By looking at the crystal identification sheet.
347 See the crystal identification sheet.
348 It will happen because the energy source is flowing right.
349 It happens because the energy source is flowing.
350 Moving the switch to the motor will make it run.
351 Moving the switch to the motor runs it.
352 The results tell her that acid is present.
353 The result tells her that acid exists.
354 Sammy - Because if they are the same material you would have to figure what size it was and which one it was, you would be able to tell easier if it was plastic, metal, or wood.
355 Sammy - if they were the same material, you would have to understand what it was and what it was.
356 Yes because they are different materials.
357 Yes, they are different materials.
358 So that people notice the sound.
359 As people notice the sound.
360 Because Q is moving like a snake and it is hard to go swirl like this.
361 Because q is moving like a snake, it is difficult to turn like this.
362 The one that has more fat on the paper.
363 The paper is thicker.
364 It is harder than minerals X, Y, and Z because it cannot be scratched by either one.
365 It is harder than mineral x, y and Z because it cannot be scratched either.
366 It is not complete.
367 It is not perfect.
368 X, They added more solute into the solution x than solution y. That is why solution x is heavier.
369 Solutes were added from X and solution y into solution X. The solution x is heavier.
370 One of the variables is the type of ball. And the second one is how many steps they took during the time when they were throwing balls.
371 One of the variables is the type of ball. And the second thing is how much they took when they were throwing the ball.
372 It is match is.
373 It's a match.
374 Sammy - Because Sammy's idea is better because Sammy is different kind of blocks and Nathaniel is just one kind of block but they are different size.
375 Sammy is just one kind of block because Sammy's idea is so Sammy is a different kind of block, but they are different sizes.
376 You use a standard because without a standard, you can change it.
377 Without standards, you can use it because you can change it.
378 40 meters, I know because the contour line is 20. So since A and B is 20 add 20 more.
379 I know 40 meters and 20 lines. Add 20, because a and B are over 20.
380 Jorge knew a chemical reaction was occurred because it started bubble.
381 Jorge knew that chemical reactions would occur because it started bubbles.
382 Because by the markings and patterns on the crystals your all to identify them.
383 Mark and pattern crystals to help you identify all of them.
384 Because it is not in a circle.
385 Because it is not a circle.
386 It is going higher by the minute.
387 He is progressing little by little.
388 The charge of the positive negative is flowing to the bulb.
389 Positive negative charge flows through the bulb.
390 If you take the same amount of water and weight it will measure to the same things.
391 If you take the same amount of water and weight to measure to the same amount.
392 Because Fruitsnap does not have any vitamin C.
393 Fruitsnap does not have vitamin C.
394 It will get blue and it will get dark or light.
395 It gets blue and it gets dark or light.
396 In the morning the sun faced east so the bus sign's shadow was in the west. When it was the afternoon, the sun faced west. So the shadow went the opposite of where it used to be in the morning.
397 In the morning the sun went east, and the shadow of the bus was west. In the afternoon sun was westward. So the shadow went to the other side where it was what was morning.
398 A. Box A is laid horizontally. The sun is hitting mostly the top. Box A has a bigger top than box B. Thus making box A hotter.
399 A. box a is placed horizontally. The sun is almost hit the top. Box a is the top of the box.
400 Because on the key alum is a hexagon with a box in it and lines on the net observation it is the same.
401 Because the key ALM is the hexagon in the box and the line is the same in the net observation.
402 You would see a flat object.
403 You will see a flat object.
404 Below are pictures of wind instruments. You blow air through them to produce sounds. Why does [the saxophone] make the lowest sounds?
405 Below is a picture of wind instruments. Blow air to produce sounds. Why does Saxophone get the lowest sound?
406 The were like feathers they were tiny little overlapping squares.
407 It was like a feather, and a small, heavy overlap.
408 Why it is the only one is because sometimes you need 2 wires and how it is the only one it is connected to the bottom.
409 It's only one one, so you need two wires, and it's only one connected to the bottom.
410 Georgia could rub them together.
411 Georgia could rub them together.
412 Because the baking soda and citric acid started out plain but when you poured water in it reacted.
413 Baking soda and citric acid started from plain, so you react when you poured it into it.
414 Sammy - Because plastic, metal, and wood have different sounds so it will be easier.
415 Sammy - plastic, metal and wood because it has different sounds so it makes it easier.
416 Fall off because they have no iron in them.
417 They fall because they don't have iron.
418 A. The evidence that supports my answer is A box because with a long section colored black, the solar heater would absorb more heat and the temperature under Julie's name because the temperature is hotter than David's.
419 A. evidence to support my answer is a box. Solar heater absorbs more heat and temperature under Julie's name because the long section is black color.
420 It was fizzing because when he a mix baking soda and citric acid together the fizzing have meant that it dissolved and made bubbles.
421 It was burning because he meant that it dissolved and made bubbles when he put mixed baking soda and citric acid together.
422 Guitars have wires that makes sound Just like a rubber band.
423 The guitar has a wire that makes sound like a rubber band.
424 Yes because Fruity Cream cookies have sugar.
425 Yes because fruity cream cookies have sugar.
426 It might because of the force might be strong enough.
427 It might be because the power is insufficient.
428 20 grams plus 10 grams equals 30 grams.
429 20 grams plus 10 grams equal to 30 grams.
430 To see if pure sugar was the same as Fruity Cream cookies.
431 To see if pure sugar is same as fruity cream cookies.
432 So when you are done you could compare.
433 So you could compare when you were done.
434 I chose that answer because it looks the same like the drawing in the circle.
435 I chose the answer because I looked like a figure of a circle.
436 She needs shelter.
437 She needs shelter.
438 If you look you can tell that B is sort of like a metal gate and A is sort of like a wall.
439 If you look, you can say that B is like a metal gate and a is like a wall.
440 A heat sink is water because it absorb the slowly and it lets go slowly.
441 The heat sink slowly absorbs water and moves slowly.
442 No, because electricity does not flow through string.
443 No electricity flows through the string.
444 Yes because there is enough power for it to work but it will be bright and it is a parallel circuit.
445 It is bright enough because it has enough power to work, and it is a parallel circuit.
446 Because Tabby said that the solute and water were the same and I believe him and it says that they both have the same thing on the bottom clear, material on the bottom.
447 Tabby said the solute and water were the same and I believe in him and I say they both have the same on the bottom, clear at the bottom.
448 I think red reflected the heat away.
449 I think red reflected the heat away.
450 So it can suck up water to grow.
451 So it can suck the growing water.
452 The switch is not turned to the left.
453 Turn the switch to the left.
454 It helped Mary understand that the tuning fork makes sounds by vibrating because the water splashed.
455 Mary understood that the tuning fork was making a sound.
456 Because the materials are stuck together with water and cannot go through the tiny holes in the filter.
457 Because the material is moved along with water and cannot pass through the small hole in the filter.
458 Because the alum matches.
459 Because the jaw matches.
460 They need to use the same ball and they need to throw the same way.
461 They need to use the same ball and they need to throw the same way.
462 Because it is the straightest part.
463 Because it is a straight part.
464 X, I know because when something is more concentrated it is also heavier.
465 X, I know it's heavier when something concentrates.
You start with a standard so you can compare your standard data to your data when you change a variable. You can compare standard data to data when you change the variables so you start the standard.
Because you can see them better and you can mark down the spot your shadow was at. You can mark the spot where your shadows were, so you can see them better.
Scratch the 2 together. Scratch 2 together.
They are a soft substance that disintegrates when it mixes with water. They are soft substances that disintegrate with water.
The salt got dissolved in the water. Salt dissolved in water.
Yes it is. Yes.
It is evidence because it made gas and fizzing occurs only when one material does not like the other one. Gas and fizz is the evidence that one material only occurs when others don't like.
You see how it mixes together and sometimes there are bubbles or wet. You will see how to mix together and sometimes wet or wet.
He would look up that type of crystal in a book and find out what type it is. He examines that type of crystal in a book and finds out what type it is.
The one that does not have a scratch. Those without wounds.
It is so big it has a lot of room to vibrate. It's so big that there are plenty of room to vibrate.
Food supply. Food supply.
How they stood in the line, and how far they are. How they stood on the line.
A controlled experiment is an experiment where only one variable is changed. Controlled experimentation is an experiment in which only one variable changes.
The reason why is because the brass ring is a temporary magnet. The reason is because the brass ring is a temporary magnet.
The solid was too big to go through the filter paper. The solid was too large to pass through the filter paper.
Because they are both covered. Because both are covered.
One of them is they did not have the same kind of ball. 2 is they took different amounts of steps to the line. None of them had the same kind of ball. 2 they took different amounts of steps to the line.
Because it was letting out gas. Because I was spitting gas.
So she could compare the results and see if they are the same. So she could compare the results and see if they were the same.
30 meters, I measured with my fingers that C was half of B, and since B is 20 and half of that is 10 I added both of them together and got 30 meters. 30 meters, I measured C by half with my fingers and B is 20, half of it is 10, I added it together and got 30 meters.
By connecting 2 wires together. By connecting two wires together.
The light will come on. The light comes on.
No because she can only turn the switch to the light bulb or the motor. No, she can turn on the light bulb or switch to the motor.
Sammy - One is made out of wood and the different material. Sammy one is made of wood and different materials.
I do agree with her because if a sound is made it vibrates and vibration is back and forth movement and without vibration you can not make a sound. I agree with her because the sound vibrates and the vibration moves back and forth and cannot make a sound without vibration.
A heat sink is something that absorbs heat and gives it off slowly. The heat sink is something that absorbs heat and gives it slowly.
I pick B because I think it is ok alright. I think it's okay.
A. Julie's temperature went higher than David because she has more square units of solar collectors. Julie's temperature has been higher than David because she has a more square unit of solar collectors.
Because the earth rotates which causes the shadow to move but the sun stays where it is at. Because the earth rotates, the shadow moves, but the sun stays where it is.
No, Fruity Cream cookies are not pure sugar because pure sugar is about 200 and Fruity Cream cookies are at least 150 milliliters. No fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar because pure sugar is about 200 and fruity cream cookies are at least 150 militers.
To see how much sugar it really has. See it really sugar.
To get people's attention. To get people's attention.
It grows first to get food and nutrients. Grow first to get food and nutrients.
Wendy should connect the long wire to the battery next. Wendy connects the long wire to the next battery.
The covered one get hotter than the uncovered ones. Gets covered more hot than found.
Because the eggshells bubbled then dissolved. Eggshell foamed.
If how much carbon dioxide there is in the volume tube. If the amount of carbon dioxide is in the volume tube.
Another function is to protect the abdomen. Another function is to protect the abdomen.
The battery does not have enough power or the power is not getting to the bulb. Batteries do not have enough power or power is not reaching the sphere.
The marbles have different mass. Marble mass is different.
Whichever one got scratched. Either caught it.
Overly Orange because orange does contain more color. Orange orange so it contains more color.
Only one circuit below will light the bulb. Which one will work? Why is that the only circuit that will work? Only one circuit below lights the light bulb. Which is the only circuit that works?
We use a standard unit so we do not get the measurement worth. We use standard units so we do not get measurements.
It gather up food for the seed. It collects food for the seed.
Because one D-cell has to be between the motors. Because two D cells must be between the motors.
Sammy - Because with this method you can get used to sounds. Sammy - this method can be used for sound.
X, because cup x weighs more than cup y. X because x is heavier than cup y.
The littler string is louder then the big string. Littler strings are then large strings.
Only one variable is changed at a time. Only one variable is changed at once.
That there is average time and a lot of speed of light. Average time and light speed.
Because it has more spoons of solute but it has the same amount of water. It has a melted spoon, but it has the same amount of water.
The electricity will still flow through the wires to get to the other lights. Electricity still flows wire to get other lights.
A heat sink is a material that heats up slowly and cools down slowly. The heat sink is a slow heating material.
C. Because it has more black circles. Because there are more black circles.
The tree shown in the picture has a shadow because tree blocked the light of the sun. Since trees blocked the light of the sun, trees in the picture have shadows.
He can use the circuit by seeing if the object does anything if it works it is a conductor if it does not then it is an insulator. If it is not an insulator, the circuit can be used by looking at whether the object does something if it works.
Because it started to bubble and have a gas. Because it became a bubble and had gas.
Because the contour lines are closer than the others. Because the outline is nearer than the other.
I think the nail will stick because the ring is made out of metal. I think the nail will stick because the ring is made of metal.
Because the more water going at a faster pace because of the slopes will cause more erosion because gravity will help slope. Because gravity helps slope, more water causes higher erosion as it goes faster at the slope.
Because I think it is a series and series have to share and takes more power to form it. I think it's a series, so the series must have more power to share and form it.
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place. We don't know the strength of the magnet, so you can't say. If the magnet is weak, the second portion foam may put too far distance between the two magnets for interaction to hold the magnet in place. Magnets may stay in place if the magnet is strong.
Because the solid did not dissolve. Because the solid did not dissolve.
Sammy's - Sammy's, they are made out of different things. Sammy - Sammy, they are made from another.
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch. Harder minerals leave scratches on harder minerals. Brown minerals have scratches if black minerals are harder.
Because the sound has more room to vibrate. Because there is more room to sound.
Because the picture matches. Because the photograph fits.
Because the D-cell is not in the middle. Because the D cell is not in the center.
He should put it in a vial with vinegar and then drop only the vinegar on later and when it is done there should be white crystals. He put it in the vial with vinegar and then dropped only vinegar later, and should be white crystals there.
A. Dry soil heats more quickly and cools off more quickly than water. The graph shows A heats and cools more quickly than B, so A must be the dry soil. Dry soil heat faster and cooler faster than water. The graph shows the heat and cooling faster than B because it should be faster dry soil.
Because the D-cell is in the middle. Because D cell is middle.
Use all of the same balls. Use all the same balls.
Because the motor got all the power. Because the motor got all the power.
A solution is a type of mixture. What makes it different from other mixtures? The solution is a kind of mixture. What is different from other mixtures?
The farther away from the fulcrum less effort is needed. Efforts far from the fulcrum are necessary.
Because heat is absorbed by dark colors. Because the heat is absorbed in dark color.
Make a line that is very straight. All use same ball. All stand at line. Throw at same time. Record data. Make a very straight line. Use all the same balls. Every line stands. Throw at the same time. Record data.
A storage. Storage device
So it can search for food. So it can search for food.
I know that north is forward and west is your left. I know that the north is front and West is your left.
Bee's groups maybe had bigger marbles then the other group. The group of bees probably had larger marble and then other groups.
The chemical reaction indicates sugar. Chemical reaction shows sugar.
You use a standard is to know what you will do and how it will happen. If you use the standard, you know what you do or what it will be.
Because it goes up. Because it rises.
Compared to a single fixed pulley system, you would not have a directional advantage. There are no directional advantages compared to two fixed pulley systems.
Is just tiny and big because of crystals. Just because of the crystal is small and big.
Pam's friend recommended to use a topographic map for the hike because in a topographic map you can see the profile of something which profile is a side view. Pam's friends are recommended to use topographic maps for hiking because topographic maps can view profiles of something that is a profile map.
Single fixed only has one rope connected to the load. Single fixing only one rope connected to the load.
It will flow fast and crazy, but with a normal one it floods slow and calm. It flows fast and crazy, but it usually takes gently and gently to flood.
I think jam is mixture. I think jam is mixed.
Because they are different things. Nitrate is different then chloride so they cannot be the same weight. Just like a monkey and a elephant. Because they are different. Nitric acid can then be the same weight because the chloride is different. Like a monkey and an elephant.
The pitch would be higher because the vibrations do not travel as long. The vibration will not vibrate for a long time, so the pitch will be higher.
Because you look at the finger patterns. Because you see your finger pattern.
The harder mineral will scratch the color off of the softer one. Softer mineral overturns the color of softer.
Steep slopes can have landslides, faster water can gush. To be a flood plus massively erode. Landslides occur on steep slopes and water becomes faster. Water inundated and eroded.
I think because it vibrating. Because it vibrates.
He can use it by putting it to an object and see if the meter will run. He can put it into the object and see if the meter is run.
The magnets do not touch because if you flip the magnet to the other side it will not stick because it makes them different. If the magnet overturns the magnet on the opposite side, it does not fit because they make it different.
Well she could try the light would not work as strong as the motor. Well she could try that light doesn't work as strong as a motor.
Yes they can do it different but be the same way. Yes, they are the same way you can do it differently.
I agree with her because when you talk, your vocal cords moves and when you hear a sound, the things that made that sound must move and vibrate. When you talk, your voice's code moves and what you have to move that sound when you hear the sound must move.
Overly Orange contains a higher concentration of vitamin C. The evidence is because if the juice becomes clear with less drops of vitamin C, it means that the vitamin C is strong in that juice. Excess oranges contain higher levels of vitamin C.
The magnet will stick. The magnet hardens.
Out of it. And then.
They both relate because one equals the other for a answer. They relate because the person equals the other for the answer.
Elena should put leaves, logs, and tree branches in the habitat. Elena has to put leaves, logs, tree branches to habitats.
Put the water in the vial and put the calcite in, if the water starts getting murky and bubbles float to the top there is calcite. Put the water into the vial, put the cite, and the water becomes cloudy and bubbles float.
The light can stick to the magnet because it is a magnet. Because the magnet is magnet, light can stick to the magnet.
Always use grams to know who much it weighs. Always use the gram it will know who weigh.
Because it is too thick to slide down the filter. Because it is too thick to slide the filter.
It has to suck up all the water so that it can grow. All water must be sucked so that it can grow.
I pick gravity because gravity is like process. I choose gravity because gravity is like a process.
Yes because Janet used silver chloride and Mike used silver nitrate which means if they used 2 different things they both could be right. Because Janet used silver chloride, Mike used silver nitrate, so they could both be correct if they used two different things.
Power goes to the motor then to the light. Power then goes to the motor.
20 centimeters size is between 10 and 30 centimeters, so the temperature change must be less than the 30 centimeters container, but more than the 10 centimeters container. 6 degrees Celsius is halfway between. Since the size of 20 centimeters is 10 to 30 centimeters, the temperature must be smaller than the container of 30 centimeters and is larger than 10 centimeters. Six degrees centigrade is intermediate.
2. Then trace the model. 4. You draw the map like the overlay grid. Next, trace the model. 4. You draw a map like an overlay grid.
If mixture 3 is dissolved, and mixture one is not dissolved. Mixture 2 will not be dissolved because it is less concentrated than mixture 3. The mixture 3 dissolves and the mixture does not dissolve. The mixture 2 is not concentrated since the mixture 3 is not concentrated.
The river gets the water from the mountain and takes it to happy valley. The river gets water from the mountain and takes it to a happy valley.
Smaller string has high pitch and bigger string has lower pitch. The smaller string has a high pitch and the larger string has a lower pitch.
The pitch would be lower because it has less room to vibrate. The pitch will be lower because there is less room to vibrate.
The graph shows you it keep going up until 4. At 4 probably makes the plant weak and then it keeps going down. The graph shows it will keep up to four. At 4 o'clock the plant becomes weak, so it falls.
If it sticks then it is a magnet if it does not then it is not. If it sticks, it is a magnet if it is not.
Yes. The black box will heat up faster than the white because the black box is darker than the white box so the white box reflects the heat and the black box collects the heat. Yes. Black box gets faster than white because white box is darker than white box. So the white box reflects the heat and the black box collects heat.
I chose no because there has to be another wire connecting the 2 or you can use a switch. I chose no so because there should be another wire connecting 2 or you can use the switch.
He does not have an idea that island make a salt outline. He doesn't have the idea that the island makes a contour of salt.
It is not the shape that makes the difference, it is the area. It is not a form of making difference, it is a region.
The motor will go on. Motor works.
A river rock earth motional with it and deposits it at the mouth. There is forming a delta. River rock earth movement with it and it holds it in the mouth. Form a delta.
C because it is on the square part and on the round ball. C because it is on the square piece and round ball.
As time goes on the of number of tree rings go up. As time goes on above the number of wooden rings.
How the crystals were shaped and how they looked. How crystal shapes and how it looked.
The shadows are true the day because get night dark. Shadows are true because shadows get night.
Yes even though it is not a complete circuit. Even if it's not a perfect circuit.
When one seems to disappear because it has dissolved, and you can see through it. Because it melted, it seems to disappear and can be seen through it.
It is not connected properly because the wires are not connected properly on the motor. It is not properly connected because the wires are not properly connected to the motor.
It might stick because the magnets are strong or it might not because the foam could be too thick. Because the magnet is strong, it may stick or may be too thick.
When the water splashed vibration caused it and that is what cause the sound too. When water causes vibration, it is cause to cause sound.
It will change by the pitch will be soft. Soften with pitch.
No because it has 2 different chemicals and it does not have the same solubilities. It has two different chemicals, so it does not have the same solubility.
The long string is going to be lower, the shorter string is going to be higher. Long strings become lower and shorter strings are higher.
Distance. Distance.
She can put them on a different piece of paper. The one that has the most biggest spot is the one that has more fat in it. She can put them on different paper. What has the largest place is what it has more fat.
Nathaniel - Because it is wood. Nathaniel - because it is a tree.
The reaction indicates that it has carbon dioxide. The reaction shows carbon dioxide.
If you discover if the dogs have the something is a loop arch or a whorl for the dog. If you discover something dog is a loop or loop for dogs.
The more blocks the less it goes. Fewer blocks.
Yes. Because black heats up faster and white reflects. Yes. Because the black is faster and the white shivers.
Because there were gas bubbles. Because there was a bubble.
We put the water and salt in the Petri dish. The water evaporated and the salt became crystals. Put water and salt into Petri dish. Water evaporated and salt became a crystal.
Topaz would be hardest because none of the tools could scratch it and at least one tool could scratch X Y Z. Topaz would be the hardest because none of the tools could overturn it, and at least one tool could scratch X Y Z.
The wire cannot make the motor run. Wires can't run the motor.
Because maybe the hand of Greta is too small. And Andre's hand is bigger. Maybe because Gretta's hands are too small. Andre's hand is big.
As time goes on the number of tree rings are increasing as it goes. As it goes, the time is increased to become the number of rings in the tree.
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top. The salt crystal is square with XS at the top.
Sammy's - Because Sammy's idea uses different materials with different sounds. But Nathaniel uses the same materials with the same sounds. Sammy's idea is because Sammy's ideas use different materials with different sounds. But Nathaniel uses the same material with the same sound.
X. When equal amounts of 2 solutions are compared, the solution that is more concentrated will have the greater mass (weigh more). 50 milliliters of X has a greater mass than 50 milliliters of Y, so X must be more concentrated. A more concentrated solution has a larger mass, weight, when the equivalent amount of two solutions in X is compared. X must be more concentrated because x 50 milliliters have a mass larger than y 50 militers.
The string was higher pitch because it had more tension. The pitch was higher because the strings were more tense.
Where they threw it from. Where they threw from there.
0 Marbles, amount boat sank. 0 marbles, amount boat sinking.
You use a standard because that what you know before the experiment and the standard helps you a lot during the experiment. Use the standard so you can do many things during the experiment that you know before experimentation and standards.
It is deposited there because it is lighter than sand and pebbles. Since it is lighter than sand or pebbles, it is deposited there.
That will happen because it will make a complete circuit with the motor. It makes the perfect circuit in the motor, so it happens.
No because it need to be made of metal to conduct electricity. Because it is not necessary to be made of metal to conduct electricity.
Because they have squares inside of it, they have lines going to the outside of it, and it has sides on the outside. They have a line going outside of it so they have a square inside it, and it has sides outside.
Because it tastes like salt. Because I like salt.
Because the blue uncovered and the red covered is like the same like the blue uncovered. Because it is covered with blue and red, the thing like the blue cover is the same.
He did that because the magnet has a lot of power so it picked up on paperclip then that paperclip is a temporary magnet and passes the power. He did it because the magnet had a lot of power. And it picked up on a paper clip and the paper clip passes through the power with a temporary magnet.
It would not work. It would have to be a wire to be able to work because it is not metal. It won't work. Must be wire that can work because it is not metal.
I chose it because the mass pieces are 30 grams. So I did the highest number. I chose it. Because the mass is 30 grams. So I did the highest number.
The more sugar the more carbon dioxide and the more carbon dioxide the bigger the volume. More carbon dioxide and more carbon dioxide and carbon dioxide.
It is something like dry soil. It's like dry soil.
By looking at the crystal identification sheet. See the crystal identification sheet.
It will happen because the energy source is flowing right. It happens because the energy source is flowing.
Moving the switch to the motor will make it run. Moving the switch to the motor runs it.
The results tell her that acid is present. The result tells her that acid exists.
Sammy - Because if they are the same material you would have to figure what size it was and which one it was, you would be able to tell easier if it was plastic, metal, or wood. Sammy - if they were the same material, you would have to understand what it was and what it was.
Yes because they are different materials. Yes, they are different materials.
So that people notice the sound. As people notice the sound.
Because Q is moving like a snake and it is hard to go swirl like this. Because q is moving like a snake, it is difficult to turn like this.
The one that has more fat on the paper. The paper is thicker.
It is harder than minerals X, Y, and Z because it cannot be scratched by either one. It is harder than mineral x, y and Z because it cannot be scratched either.
It is not complete. It is not perfect.
X, They added more solute into the solution x than solution y. That is why solution x is heavier. Solutes were added from X and solution y into solution X. The solution x is heavier.
One of the variables is the type of ball. And the second one is how many steps they took during the time when they were throwing balls. One of the variables is the type of ball. And the second thing is how much they took when they were throwing the ball.
It is match is. It's a match.
Sammy - Because Sammy's idea is better because Sammy is different kind of blocks and Nathaniel is just one kind of block but they are different size. Sammy is just one kind of block because Sammy's idea is so Sammy is a different kind of block, but they are different sizes.
You use a standard because without a standard, you can change it. Without standards, you can use it because you can change it.
40 meters, I know because the contour line is 20. So since A and B is 20 add 20 more. I know 40 meters and 20 lines. Add 20, because a and B are over 20.
Jorge knew a chemical reaction was occurred because it started bubble. Jorge knew that chemical reactions would occur because it started bubbles.
Because by the markings and patterns on the crystals your all to identify them. Mark and pattern crystals to help you identify all of them.
Because it is not in a circle. Because it is not a circle.
It is going higher by the minute. He is progressing little by little.
The charge of the positive negative is flowing to the bulb. Positive negative charge flows through the bulb.
If you take the same amount of water and weight it will measure to the same things. If you take the same amount of water and weight to measure to the same amount.
Because Fruitsnap does not have any vitamin C. Fruitsnap does not have vitamin C.
It will get blue and it will get dark or light. It gets blue and it gets dark or light.
In the morning the sun faced east so the bus sign's shadow was in the west. When it was the afternoon, the sun faced west. So the shadow went the opposite of where it used to be in the morning. In the morning the sun went east, and the shadow of the bus was west. In the afternoon sun was westward. So the shadow went to the other side where it was what was morning.
A. Box A is laid horizontally. The sun is hitting mostly the top. Box A has a bigger top than box B. Thus making box A hotter. A. box a is placed horizontally. The sun is almost hit the top. Box a is the top of the box.
Because on the key alum is a hexagon with a box in it and lines on the net observation it is the same. Because the key ALM is the hexagon in the box and the line is the same in the net observation.
You would see a flat object. You will see a flat object.
Below are pictures of wind instruments. You blow air through them to produce sounds. Why does [the saxophone] make the lowest sounds? Below is a picture of wind instruments. Blow air to produce sounds. Why does Saxophone get the lowest sound?
The were like feathers they were tiny little overlapping squares. It was like a feather, and a small, heavy overlap.
Why it is the only one is because sometimes you need 2 wires and how it is the only one it is connected to the bottom. It's only one one, so you need two wires, and it's only one connected to the bottom.
Georgia could rub them together. Georgia could rub them together.
Because the baking soda and citric acid started out plain but when you poured water in it reacted. Baking soda and citric acid started from plain, so you react when you poured it into it.
Sammy - Because plastic, metal, and wood have different sounds so it will be easier. Sammy - plastic, metal and wood because it has different sounds so it makes it easier.
Fall off because they have no iron in them. They fall because they don't have iron.
A. The evidence that supports my answer is A box because with a long section colored black, the solar heater would absorb more heat and the temperature under Julie's name because the temperature is hotter than David's. A. evidence to support my answer is a box. Solar heater absorbs more heat and temperature under Julie's name because the long section is black color.
It was fizzing because when he a mix baking soda and citric acid together the fizzing have meant that it dissolved and made bubbles. It was burning because he meant that it dissolved and made bubbles when he put mixed baking soda and citric acid together.
Guitars have wires that makes sound Just like a rubber band. The guitar has a wire that makes sound like a rubber band.
Yes because Fruity Cream cookies have sugar. Yes because fruity cream cookies have sugar.
It might because of the force might be strong enough. It might be because the power is insufficient.
20 grams plus 10 grams equals 30 grams. 20 grams plus 10 grams equal to 30 grams.
To see if pure sugar was the same as Fruity Cream cookies. To see if pure sugar is same as fruity cream cookies.
So when you are done you could compare. So you could compare when you were done.
I chose that answer because it looks the same like the drawing in the circle. I chose the answer because I looked like a figure of a circle.
She needs shelter. She needs shelter.
If you look you can tell that B is sort of like a metal gate and A is sort of like a wall. If you look, you can say that B is like a metal gate and a is like a wall.
A heat sink is water because it absorb the slowly and it lets go slowly. The heat sink slowly absorbs water and moves slowly.
No, because electricity does not flow through string. No electricity flows through the string.
Yes because there is enough power for it to work but it will be bright and it is a parallel circuit. It is bright enough because it has enough power to work, and it is a parallel circuit.
Because Tabby said that the solute and water were the same and I believe him and it says that they both have the same thing on the bottom clear, material on the bottom. Tabby said the solute and water were the same and I believe in him and I say they both have the same on the bottom, clear at the bottom.
I think red reflected the heat away. I think red reflected the heat away.
So it can suck up water to grow. So it can suck the growing water.
The switch is not turned to the left. Turn the switch to the left.
It helped Mary understand that the tuning fork makes sounds by vibrating because the water splashed. Mary understood that the tuning fork was making a sound.
Because the materials are stuck together with water and cannot go through the tiny holes in the filter. Because the material is moved along with water and cannot pass through the small hole in the filter.
Because the alum matches. Because the jaw matches.
They need to use the same ball and they need to throw the same way. They need to use the same ball and they need to throw the same way.
Because it is the straightest part. Because it is a straight part.
X, I know because when something is more concentrated it is also heavier. X, I know it's heavier when something concentrates.
